All right guys.
Tutorial is nice but you know what is better apply our Flex box knowledge to build a product.
So what are we going to build.
My project is going to be a one page Web site for a global tour company called backroads and for layout
essentially positioning.
We are going to use flex bucks so let's cover in more detail our project.
First and foremost we are going to build a network.
And I also would like to point that out that our project is going to be responsive.
So as you can see we're going to have a one layout for the smaller screen size as far as nav bar is
concerned.
And as far as other sections as well.
But then as the screen size is going to change while our layout also is going to change.
So in some cases we're going to have a three column layout in some cases we're going to have a two column
land.
But since I find it useless for me for each and every section to go to a smaller screen test to show
that I'm just letting you know that right away.
So each and every element and section we're going to create is going to look good on every screen size.
All right now like I said First we're going to start with a now.
And also as a side note we're going to have some javascript that I'm gonna show you a little bit later
at the end of the intro video but there's going to be a number that on the small screen says looks like
this where we have the links and then using the Flex box once we get to a bigger screen size we're gonna
have a role layout with justify content in between.
Meaning justify content and space between.
So as you see we have right now our logo then the links are in the middle and then all the way on the
right hand side.
We're going to have our fourth awesome icons like I said I'm going to come back to a number later on.
Just show you the functionality we're gonna have.
Also using JavaScript.
But next after the number we're going to create a hero element and then within the hero element we're
going to have a massive background image with some linear gradient and as well using the Flex box we're
gonna place our banner so to text as well as the button in the center horizontally as well as vertically.
Then after that we're going to have the about section where we're going to implement flex box to in
fact create a two column layout.
So we're going to have some kind of title here than the image as well as the before selector.
So we're going to create this element.
Actually this type of functionality using the pseudo selector and then on the right hand side we're
going to have more title some more text as well as the link.
And like I said I'm not going to show you that for each and every section we're going to in fact cover
but I just want to let you know that on a small screen size we're gonna have a one column layout.
So when the image is sitting on the top.
And then once we get to a certain screen size well then we're gonna have a two column.
Now that would be about a section then we're going to have these services section we had the services
that company provides.
And in here we're not only going to implement the Flex box layout in order to set up the columns we're
also going to implement it within the column.
So not only these columns are going to be a flex box children for one main element they're also going
to be a flex box parent themselves.
Or notice we're going to have the icon as well as the text side by side.
And then we're going to have a feature towards.
So let's imagine some kind of towards that company provides.
And as you can see we have build out the cards.
And again we are using flex box not only to set up in fact our columns but also within the card itself.
Then after the feature tours section we're going to create a gallery section where we're going to implement
the Flex box to have this tile layout where we're going to have a bunch of images and they're just gonna
be displayed depending on the screen size with certain column layout.
Now also within the actual item there's going to be a icon.
So as we're hovering over the item where the image is sitting we're going to have this icon showing
up as well.
So that is the effect that we're going to create then we're going to have the heart deal section and
then within this particular section we're going to implement flex box to create this nice layout where
we're going to have the form input as well as the submit button together.
So we're going to implement flex box in order to create that and then all the way bottom we're going
to have the footer with the links as well as the social media icons and for both of these guys we're
going to implement Luxe Box as well.
Not like promised I would like to show the functionality that we're going to add.
Now I do want to let you know that this is optional.
So first of all I'm gonna prepare the code for you.
So you're not going to have to understand javascript to do it.
You can just add the code and you're gonna be good to go as well as it is.
At the end of the project.
So technically it is optional meaning you're still gonna have the working project even if you don't
want to bother with JavaScript.
Now as far as justice is concerned first and foremost all the way to the bottom we're going to have
this date.
So we're going to set up the year dynamically then are in fact Navarre is also going to have the position
fixed once we get below certain height in our document.
So notice as we start scrolling only then nav bar is going to have this position fixed.
And as you can see it's going to be positioned all the way in the top and then we're also going to implement
these smooth scrolling.
So if I click on one of the links were nicely again in fact smooth scroll to that particular section.
So whether that's featured services about and we can go all the way back home as well.
Now lastly I would like to show that we are also going to implement javascript to have our NAV bar have
a toggle button.
So on a smaller screen size there's gonna be only the nav bar header and then within the header we're
going to have this toggle button.
So once we click on it nowadays of course we can toggle out our links.
And again we're going to implement the same functionality where even on a smaller screen size I could
navigate to my particular section as much as I would like.
All right.
Now that is the project that we're going to be building guys hopefully guys you enjoy the project and
let's start working on our backroads to our company project.